Hello, everyone.
Let's dig deeper into deep with Musk, starting from this particular problem, and then we'll move on
to some more beautiful problems.
So this problem says, okay, let's do this problem first.
So the problem statement is, as a first example, consider the following problem.
Okay.
We are given the prices of key products or warranties.
So here we have products we can see.
Yeah.
These are the products and these are base.
So we have gay products and we have the prizes for entries.
So here and there too that these are starting from zero eight and we want to buy each product exactly
once.
This is important too.
I just want to buy each product exactly once, right after I buy it on the first day or the second day
of the third day or the four day so unrelenting and minus one day.
Right?
So however, we are not allowed to buy at most one product generic.
So in one day I can buy only zero or one product.
That means at most one product I can buy inventory.
For example, here you can see for day if I don't have any products.
Right, and then I'll not buy a product in a day or I'll buy at most one product for 99.
But the point is, we want to buy each product exactly once, right?
So you cannot buy any product twice.
So what is the minimum price?
For example, consider the following scenario.
Guess to the end is it?
So we can see if case three the product has 012.
So it's good, right?
There's the production name from the European Index, so we will not confuse recording them and the
dates are there.
So these are the prices, right?
So let's say these are price.
This this table is prices.
Prices, let's say x commodity.
What will price ex commodity present the price of the product on the pool?
So if I say what is price of zero?
And that means for the price of zero to product on 50.
Right.
That means it is not good.
So some small infusions.
Let's clear them.
And after this, we can see that in this scenario, the million dollar price is fake.
So this is true.
This is true.
This is one correct.
That means the total price of buying three products such that no, no.
Two products are bought in the same day.
And we have bought exactly one.
Each of the product have been bought exactly once.
Right.
So according to this, the total price, the minimum price that we can have to buy these products is.
Five.
I hope this is very clear.
However, we are vying for the gun on the first read zero 23 and Berdych 26 C although we had one here,
that is the minimum of the product zero.
It is the minimum rate, but we cannot get two ones on the same day.
Basically, we cannot buy these two products on day six.
Right.
So on day six, I have to weigh only one verdict.
So why don't you all try some approaches in this and see your answers here?
Okay.
So of course, any of the greedy approaches won't work, right?
So the first greedy approach can be very simple for product zero, try the smallest, then for product
one, get the smallest if.
If that is already picked, try the second smallest rate.
So here the smallest is two.
So we have one, two, three twos.
So let's pick any, let's pick this two and then forward it to try the smallest of the smallest one.
But this is already paid.
The day six is already.
I'm just trying a greedy approach here.
Where does the second smallest they the second smallest here will be three rate.
So here I am going to replace two plus one with just six.
But which is not the right answer.
Right as we saw, five is the best answer in this current scenario.
So, yeah, this this this is about B.
Yeah.
So this is about this small, simple, very good problem.
And then what we'll do is we'll simply move on to.
Some good dynamic programming solution, right?
So can I apply something like knapsack here that either buy the product on that day or don't buy it
made?
Is that possible?
Yes.
So we just work exactly like knapsack.
But just the thing here is that we have to optimize that using bit mass.
Okay.
So what else is.
I'll simply say I'll just make a straight call F of.
Uh.
Let's see.
It's gonna be.
Eight.
So here is a subset.
Is a subset or s is a set rate and liquidated.
As is a set and visa rate.
So what I would say is what is F of S comedy is implicitly diverse.
Comedy is nothing but the minimum.
Minimum price.
Of.
This sentence contains some particular products in them, right?
So the set right now for this example, this said can either contain zero one or two or can contain
0102.
So basically this subset of zero went to a subset of products.
So F.
S committee will represent minimum price of the.
Said s products.
Right.
Until.
They?
Be right.
So what is the minimum price of these products for the baby, for a particular sect?
For example, let's say the.
Okay, let's let me make.
Let me just say, what is the final answer?
What will be the final answer that we need here?
If I talk about this particular deep state, the final answer here is.
In this ad.
I want all the products.
Right.
And that they will be in minus.
So this is the final answer that I need.
That is, all the products should be bought and the last days and minus for you to tell me for all these
and minus one days, if I combine them, what is the minimum price of the products that I'm going to
buy which are in the said?
I hope this is clear.
Okay.
So let's start from this final answer and let's see what other TV states that we need you.
Right.
So if I have 012 in and minus one, I have three production and minus one days.
So what's the approach that I can prefer to reach and minus one date?
The first thing is.
I don't buy anything on the large state aid.
I cannot.
The first option there, Davis, don't buy.
On.
Instead of an minus one.
Okay, let.
Let's.
Let's rein it in, Mason.
Don't buy on.
And minus one day.
Right.
So if I don't buy any of these products on that minus one day, that means I've already bought them
earlier.
Right.
So the answer will depend simply on zero.
The set will remain the same.
Set will not change because I'm not buying any product on the last day.
But that means I have to buy the one.
I have to buy all of these products on days before eight.
So here I'll make it and minus two.
Okay.
Now tell me, for the previous days for this product, what's the best answer rate?
What are other options that I have?
Because we can buy only one product in one day, right?
So let's say I'm buying this product.
On the end minus one.
Right.
So if I'm buying the zero two right on the end -20, then what's made a good insulation that.
Okay now I said contains one in two only because I'm buying the zeroth product on the end minus one
the right.
So tell me what's the best answer if I just if I have to buy one comma two.
There is this set of products which contain only product one and product two.
And for the previous 10 minutes to this plus prices of the price of not prices.
Let's let me make it presently.
Yeah and the price of this product that I bought on the end minus one today.
So there's a price.
Corruption is first verdict.
What's the if I'm buying the first product on the last day, then it is simple.
Zero comma two because I'm buying this verdict.
One on the lacerated means I have to pay zero for this before because I cannot buy two products on the
same day.
And we have and minus two over here because we have to ask the answer for the previous days.
This is price of zero, not zero.
Now it will be one binding and minus.
Do.
Sorry.
And minus eight.
And the last option that I have is.
Second product.
Let's I'm buying this second product today on the last day and it will be zero comma one.
Now, these are the set of products that you need to buy.
Previously on the previous days, plus the price of the current product that I'm buying on today.
Right.
So whatever is the minimum of all these four items, I'll simply take that and including and my deposit
rate.
So whatever minimum this is.
So what are the basic issues here?
Ultimately, what's happening as other days reducing are the products that are doing right.
So let's say if the products goes none, that means nil.
Right.
That means I'm not buying another zero, not one or two.
This is empty.
Right.
So what is the cost of buying empty?
Said product means not buying any product for any of the days.
It is zero.
Right.
So if my set is empty.
The answer should be zero.
Because I'm not buying anything.
And.
The now disagreeing thing is adamant and is reducing or the days are reducing rate.
So let's have some status.
And that day here is zero eight.
So what is the cost of buying some particular sectors on day zero?
We all know the answer to this, that if this said because on day zero, I'm going to buy up a particular
product, right?
I cannot buy some subset of those products, but I can only buy one product of them.
Right.
So I simply say, if this said or let's let's see if as Dart's size, if s contains greater than one
product, right, then the answer is zero otherwise.
Then the answer is zero.
That means I won't I'm not able to buy any of the products on them.
I won't be able to buy any of the products because I'm on day zero and only the right cannot buy more
than two products.
Because that's only more than one product.
Because there is only one.
And the second is second thing.
It is if as large say is one rate, then it is nothing.
But it is equal to the price of that particular element in this set.
The product that I'm going to buy and zero the last.
But the first verdict so I have to guess is it only to these should be my best guesses and this should
be my good deep reconciliation.
So I hope you understood how I am getting snagged here.
Right.
I have to pass said.
I have to make it.
I have to pass it.
And we all know what's the best optimization for passing this.
Okay.
Let me first quickly generalize these definitions to F of s comma.
Some particular d is equal to minimum of.
F off Eskom I'd be minus one.
That means I'm not buying any of the item, any of the product on the current de gamma.
The minimum of F of S.
Let's remove that product X from this and see that.
Tell me what's the best answer of buying it for the previous days?
Plus price off that product X on b b minus oh.
So on the D on the right, no minus here.
So the product of the price of Burgundy, right and this X for this will go for all the X the all the
products.
Right.
So if I just want to drive it because of course we want to read it of masking, right.
We don't want to work with set here.
Right.
So what will happen ultimately on the last day?
What will happen?
The set should be this because we have three products, eight for three products.
I just need to reboot, which is to destroy about three minus one, which is seven, correct?
So here, what I have is I have seven.
Bomber.
And the last day.
What is the last day?
Okay.
The last day is.
778 to the last day.
Seven evolve, seven seven will be mine.
So why is this seven here?
Because this represents a big must now.
Eight.
Because seven.
If I represented in binary simple white.
So it will represent.
This represents the verdict first verdict and the second product verdict and.
Yeah.
So cool.
And what I would say is I will simply say that.
These states really depend on the four states.
What are those four states?
First is don't buy the product.
So if I'm not going to buy all three products, which is still seven from day six and be on eight.
The second one will be by.
So this is seven eight.
Let's remove this zero verdict from this.
Let's answer this bit.
So if I answered this bill but I didn't get this, I get 1108.
So.
Just by this verdict on day seven.
Right.
So just tell me the best answer for buying other new products, which is product one and product two
on the previous days, rate plus price of zero verdict on day seven.
Correct.
And the next one will be a4101, which is.
Okay.
So here I wrote seven.
So here I just said six.
Cool.
Because 1106.
So instead of writing 101, let me just write the actual numbers.
So we all know seven is 1116 is 101.
And here we're are delegate delegate one zero.
Okay.
It is 110.
So here it is.
It is about the first protection movement.
So if I remove the middle bird from seven, I get 101, which is nothing but five eight.
So and four five gonna be the six year plus price of.
The first brought out R&B.
Seven.
So why are you here?
Because it is 101.
That means I'm buying the first version last year and the next one is F of.
Now remove the first bit.
That means remove the second product trade, remove the second product, the bit becomes 011, which
is nothing but three eight.
So tell me the best answer of buying.
To be.
That means not to be buying product zero and product one from the previous days.
Less price of.
Two, comma seven.
I hope you're getting this right, because now this is very simple.
All the said I am representing all deserters.
Big must write bearer seven includes zero verdict, first verdict and second verdict.
This is three.
Three includes only the verdict and first verdict, not the second quarter.
Because it's a bit, isn't it?
Right.
So here you can see that was the relation that I'm getting.
The relation is very simple.
The relation is.
Net for any seven.
I have to try these three possibilities.
That is 011101 and 110.
Correct.
For these.
How will these be?
It must be made.
These weird ones will be made by 001010.
Right.
Because here tributes were sent.
So we had three possibilities.
Correct.
Now we have two, which so we will have two possibilities.
But that's how factories work, if you remember.
Right.
So it is three into two.
Into one.
Right.
Let me just.
No, they don't.
Yeah.
So this gives me 001.
This gives me 100.
And the last one is 100 and.
0108.
Finally, this will all this will come from zero.
This will also come from zero.
I'm just.
I'm just sharing you hard as it must work.
How does it reduce factorial due to rest of the power in.
Right.
So here you can see I started from one eight.
Now this row has three columns.
There it is.
And the three happened because of attribute said no, I'm just removing one word from or one word from
this might.
That means I'm getting 011101 and 1101 just to the right.
Now, I'll remove exactly one bit from this means I want to find out how can I make 011 and then I can
add.
Melbourne to this.
Or I can add last one to this.
Correct.
Only two possible options.
So here you can see now the number of notes however, are six registering to do.
I hope you understand why I do.
Because there are two bits.
And now this six in one, which is six.
So here you can see that there are some overlapping mass, right?
That means here you can see that this.
01001.
Below overlap with the 001 and 010 is overlapping with 010 and this 100 is overlapping with 10088.
Although these dates are going in effect to real order, right?
It is going into three.
It is going into two.
If I talk about 16, let's talk about 16.
Please pardon me if the video is long, but it's important to understand that it is 16.
Now we know it will be divided into four parts, right?
01111011.
11011110.
Now this will be divided into three parts.
Right.
And then those will be divided into two parts.
Correct.
And then further, those are adhering to one part.
So it is in the food industry in the two into one, which is nothing but food factory.
Here we can see we have four factories, states.
But what will happen?
There will be some states which will be.
Rebuilding viable some states with rebuilding because all these states are between 0 to 2 days to the
power and minus one.
And here is the number of bids made.
So if all the states are in, so if the total number of states are only to restore the power in, then
and I'm seeing that the number of different states that I'm making is four factorial, then there will
be some states which will be repeating.
Correct.
For example, if I have four factorial states, which is nothing but forward into trained to do is 24.
And what is to list above one minus one?
It is alleged to it is above what if I include zero?
It is 16.
So I have 16 distinct states here because all the values of these behemoths will be between 0 to 15.
Correct.
If all the values will be zero 15 and I have 24 different states, that means 24 times I'm calling things.
There will be some states which will be coming again and again, which will be repeating.
So just to avoid those repetitions, what we'll do is we will memorize it.
Right.
So this was an important part to understand it.
How is or resolution converting converted into power to restore the power installation.
Because there are some students contributing eight.
That means we can have at most four factory estates, but there will be a total to restore the power
in states.
Correct.
And if I just calculate all these states ones, then I don't have to find figured out.
Well, other states would.
So I hope you understood this.
Factorial too.
Factorial to do this to the power in.
Well and since the next fight.